Japanese Pick Top 100 Video Games of All Time
Published on March 03, 2006.
It seems Famitsu (a Japanese video game magazine) ran a poll asking readers to pick the top 100 video games of all time.
Next Generation has the results:
Final Fantasy X (2001) Final Fantasy VII (1997) Dragon Quest III (1988) Dragon Quest VIII (2004) Machi (1998) Final Fantasy IV (1991) Tactics Ogre (1995) Final Fantasy III (1990) Dragon Quest VII (2000) Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (1998)
Apparently, Japanese gamers like their RPGs!
The whole list is pretty much dominated by RPGs with a Mario game here and a Sonic game there.
Strangely, Super Mario RPG didn’t make the list.
Another thing I noticed was that Final Fantasy X-2 sat pretty high at 32nd place.
It beat The Legend of Zelda.
Think about that.
The. Legend. of.
Zelda. I think the Japanese have finally lost it. Seriously.